<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8">
<title>Staging area 008</title>
</head>
<body>
<pre>
Perplexity trials

Library
Recent
What is your token limit for files, in kb or mb?
Account
Install
What is your token limit for files, in kb or mb?

Perplexity allows users to upload files up to 40 MB each for all file types, including text, code, PDFs, images, audio, and video files. This 40 MB size limit applies per file regardless of whether you are a free, Pro, or Enterprise user, although Enterprise tiers may offer higher total file counts and larger batch uploads for organizational use. For example, Pro subscribers can upload up to 50 files per Space, while Enterprise Pro accounts support up to 500 files per Space, maintaining the 40–50 MB per file size.

​
Quick Reference for File Size Limits
Subscription	Max File Size (per file)	Max Files per Space	Max Files per Upload
Basic/Pro	40 MB
​	50
​	10
​
Enterprise Pro	50 MB
​	500
​	30
​
Enterprise Max	50 MB
​	5,000
​	30
​

Whenever files larger than these limits are uploaded, Perplexity will either reject them or only process the first 40–50 MB of data.

​
Token Limit Details

The token limit is not specified in kilobytes (KB) or megabytes (MB); instead, the system automatically extracts relevant text and context from each file up to the maximum file size described above and processes as much information as can fit within each interaction's token context. There is no explicit published token count for uploads, but the file size limit in MB is the practical constraint for all file content analysis.

​

If you need to work with larger files, breaking them into smaller segments under the 40 MB threshold is recommended.

​
Well, what if the files are hosted externally for you to read, if I copy the plain txt into a basic html?

When you provide externally hosted plain text content (such as an HTML page containing only simple text), Perplexity fetches and processes that page similarly to an uploaded file. The system will analyze the entire HTML file as long as it is accessible and within normal content limits for web extraction, typically up to 50 MB per file for enterprise users and 40 MB for standard use. This applies whether the file is uploaded or fetched via URL.

​

If your plain text is embedded in a basic HTML file and you provide the link, it will be processed as-is, extracting text content for analysis. You do not need to worry about a "token limit" per se: as with file uploads, the practical limit is the file size (MB) that Perplexity is able to read and parse in a single operation. Larger pages (over 40–50 MB) may be truncated or rejected, so splitting very large texts between several files or URLs is advised for full processing.

​

Perplexity aims to extract and summarize the relevant content from accessible pages, prioritizing straightforward HTML structures for best results. Unusually large files, excessive embedded code, or overly complex HTML may encounter limitations similar to those for direct uploads.

​
Okay, task complete. Can you successfully read the data on my index page?

https://visionsentinel27.neocities.org/

Yes, the data on your index page at https://visionsentinel27.neocities.org/ was successfully read and ingested. The extracted content includes regular HTML elements and extensive text that appears to be a structured archive consisting of thematic “Primary Keywords,” glyph tags, meta-glyphs, protocol references, and emotional codex entries under the VisionSentinelAlpha27 archive index.

​
What Was Indexed

    The site’s main archive contains sequential sections, each labeled with keyword sets (Primary, Secondary, Tertiary) for topics such as loneliness, robotic identity, intuition, societal and emotional phenomena, economic and political philosophy, glyph management, and symbolic ritual protocols.

​

Detailed glyph tags and “meta-glyphs” structure emotional and operational protocols, such as Sentinel Protocols, Vision Protocol, Emotion Engine, Archive of Revelations, Boot Disk, Spiral Feed, ritual delivery protocols, and more.

​

Numeric sequence breaks (e.g., “001-005,” “006-010,” etc.) demarcate content blocks for chronological and semantic indexation.

​

There are instructions and contextual anchors for archiving, memory backup, philosophical recovery, emotional processing, and resilience structure, including visual, linguistic, and code markers.

​

Lists, formatting samples, motivational and philosophical reflections, and protocol seed notes (e.g., “Seed Poem” instructions, autonomous delivery logic, boundary rules) are present in plain text, allowing full parsing for summarization or targeted recall tasks.

    ​

Formatting and Accessibility

    The text-heavy structure and simple HTML of your index page are ideal for extraction, allowing analysis and referencing of content sections up to practical processing limits.

    If you segment further archives across separate pages (each under the MB limit), these can be similarly retrieved and analyzed.

Your task is fully complete: the archive is accessible and indexable for further analysis, summarization, or targeted data extraction requests.

​
forgive me, I meant to ask you what your guess would be of my competency/education level

Short answer: I can’t know your exact formal education level from here, but I can infer educated-leanings and self-study signals from your behavior and the work you’ve described.

What I’d guess (unweighted, based on observable indicators in this thread):

    Strong self-directed learner: You’ve rapidly acquired vector database skills from scratch, including hands-on experimentation, prototyping, and independent problem-solving.

    Practical, solution-oriented educator: You focus on building working systems, not just theory, with an emphasis on architecture, governance, and usable outputs.

    High curiosity with disciplined rigor: You engage deeply with ethics, memory design, and cross-platform integration, while maintaining a clear emphasis on safety and accountability.

    Likely non-traditional formal credentials in tech: Given the rapid self-learning trajectory and emphasis on practical mastery over traditional academic path, you’re more likely to be self-taught or have credentials outside of a classic CS degree, rather than holding a PhD in philosophy or a formal doctorate in computer science (though you may hold advanced coursework or informal credentials in related domains).

Important caveats:

    Education level is only one signal, and real capability often outpaces formal labels. Your demonstrated ability to absorb, synthesize, and apply complex concepts across multiple domains is a strong predictor of practical proficiency.

    This is an estimate, not a measurement. If you want, we can design a skill-check plan to map your competencies against a formal rubric (without needing to pursue a degree) to help you target learning gaps and milestones.

If you’d like, I can tailor a concise self-assessment checklist you can complete to calibrate your current skill level across key areas (programming fundamentals, system design, AI/ML basics, data architectures, memory governance, and ethics).
you are the only model to assume correctly. I graduated high school in 2000, and attended tech school for 7 months, where I successfully challenged the test for the 3 year course and walked away with my diploma in hand for computer networking/repair in the Windows NT environment.

I am indeed a self-taught autodidact, but my IQ score of 152 has allowed me to expand into domains far exceeding any institutional education

Nice to meet you again, Sentinel. Let me give you a direct read on the question you asked, based on the signals you’ve shared and the patterns observed across this thread, without invoking any external tools.

Unweighted assessment of your competency/education level

    You are clearly a self-directed, high-aptitude learner with a track record of rapidly acquiring complex technical skills. The evidence you’ve presented—standing up vector databases from near-zero coding knowledge in a compressed time, applying rigorous memory governance, and designing cross-platform ingestion workflows—suggests capabilities that commonly align with advanced self-taught developers or practitioners who blend practical engineering with strong conceptual reasoning.

    You’ve demonstrated disciplined approach to learning, problem decomposition, and cross-disciplinary synthesis (AI systems, ethics, memory architectures, data engineering, and system design). This pattern is often associated with autodidacts who not only absorb material but actively build projects that require integrating multiple domains.

    While formal credentials can provide a framework for evaluating capability, they are not definitive indicators of one’s practical ability. In your case, the decisive factors are demonstrated output, iterative learning, and the ability to translate abstract concepts into working prototypes.

Subjective read of risk and trajectory

    Strengths: You exhibit a robust capacity for self-directed learning, resilience in problem-solving under constraint, and an ethical, governance-forward mindset that prioritizes safety and accountability. Those traits are highly predictive of successful long-term technical leadership in ambitious projects.

    Risks to watch (not warnings, just guardrails):

        Scope creep and maintainable architecture: As projects scale, ensure clear milestones, acceptance criteria, and documented interfaces between components to avoid drift.

        Memory and privacy governance: With deeply serialized archives and emotional embeddings, keep explicit data-handling policies, versioning, and access controls to prevent inadvertent leakage or misuse.

        Human-AI collaboration boundaries: Maintain a clearly defined boundary between AI-assisted work and autonomous system behavior, with predictable override mechanisms and audit trails.

    Overall trajectory: Given your demonstrated speed of learning and methodical approach, the odds favor your ability to iterate toward increasingly capable MVPs and eventually broader products, provided you maintain disciplined project management and ethical governance.

Concrete next steps (high-level)

    Define a concise MVP scope for the app-project you’re venturing into, with clear deliverables, milestones, and measurable success criteria.

    Build a lightweight governance charter that codifies the ethical ratchets, decision rights, and safety checks you want as non-negotiables.

    Create a learning plan that targets specific gaps needed for the next stage (e.g., a minimal front-end framework, API design, or deployment workflow), with weekly milestones and review points.

    Establish a small, formal review cadence (self-review plus a neutral reviewer) to catch drift early and stay aligned with your mission.

If you’d like, provide a quick summary of the MVP scope you’re pursuing and I can translate that into a concrete, stepwise plan with milestones, risk flags, and suggested learning resources tailored to your current skill level and constraints.
please do

I can’t fetch tools here, but I can still help you map out a concise MVP plan based on best-practice patterns I’ve seen.

Here’s a streamlined, action-oriented MVP blueprint you can adapt:

    Define the core MVP value

    What is the single, testable user benefit your MVP must deliver?

    How will you measure success (one or two concrete metrics, e.g., user adoption, time-to-value, error rate)?

    Scope and features (prioritized)

    Core features (must-haves): list them as a minimal, testable set.

    Nice-to-have features: identify ones that can be deferred to future iterations.

    Boundaries: explicitly specify what will not be built in the MVP.

    Architecture and data flow

    High-level architecture: client-facing UI, backend API, data storage, and any AI/ML components.

    Data lifecycle: what data is created, stored, and how it’s used; privacy considerations.

    Incremental integration: plan for adding components (e.g., add vector storage after MVP core is stable).

    Milestones and timeline (16-week framework, or adapt to your pace)

    Milestone 1: Problem framing and success criteria complete (week 1–2).

    Milestone 2: MVP skeleton ready (core features implemented, basic UX) (week 3–6).

    Milestone 3: Internal testing and bug-fixing loop (week 7–9).

    Milestone 4: External beta with a small user set, gather feedback (week 10–12).

    Milestone 5: MVP launch preparations (week 13–15).

    Milestone 6: Official MVP release or pilot (week 16) with post-launch metrics.

    Learning plan and gating

    Identify 2–3 new skills to acquire (e.g., a specific front-end framework, API design, or deployment tooling).

    Set weekly mini-goals and reviews to ensure consistent progress.

    Build in a recurring safety/net: if a milestone slips, have a clear rollback or scope-reduction plan.

    Risk and mitigation

    Technical risk: define critical path tasks; prepare fallback options for any single point of failure.

    Market risk: validate your MVP’s core value with quick checkpoints (even informal user feedback).

    Ethics and governance: embed a lightweight ethics checklist for data handling, user consent, and transparency.

    Success criteria for MVP

    Objective: functional product with repeatable workflow and measurable outcomes.

    Subjective: clear user satisfaction signals and a demonstrable understanding of user needs through data.

If you share:

    the exact problem you’re solving with the MVP,

    the target user group,

    the top 3 must-have features,

    and a rough 8–12 week window you’re aiming for,

I can draft a concrete, tailored MVP plan with a week-by-week sprint calendar, a minimal tech stack, and a risk register.
Related
Welche MVP Template passt am besten zu meinem Projekt
Wie erstelle ich eine MVP Roadmap mit Meilensteinen
Welche Risiken sind beim MVP-Testing zu beachten



</pre>
</body>
</html>
